are you the big effort when
have tired of preparing meals
she already cut that often
diced chopped and grated that it
a whole life rich with devices
hand raise how much space on the
kitchen counter and in the cupboards
if you can do all this with one
single practical handy
affordable device can do
that's the space and time saving we are
present neisser plus that all in
one and one for everything multi
schneider set the champion that became plus
according to german quality standards and
with years of experience developing a
Laboratory potato cut more
cut a whole potato and
with champion plus can the potatoes
not just one but eleven
cutting different species
why tears when cutting onions
shed the necks plus cuts one
whole onion at once
In a matter of seconds they cut like that
fast as a professional cook all tomatoes
ingredients for savory salads or
prepare a fruit salad in less
as 60 seconds too yes of money there
is transparent and extremely stable
Serve directly in the container or
fresh old lids are stacked on top
save space
The containers are also ideal for
take with you eg for parties after use
just play or dishwasher
Cleaning the inserts can be done comfortably
and keep handy in container
The original Neisse has become worldwide
Sold a million times and now became
He once again improved it
the snowing top part for putting on
the container the
Self-cleaning function in the lid
removes even the tiniest rests of the blades
are made of polished stainless
stainless steel and extremely robust
You will receive the knife for
small and medium-sized cast them and pins
Use the knife for big dice
thicker donors and divorce and the
water use for the eighth and quarter
of eggs fruit potatoes and more
the usable snow stamp and the
knife cover
You will also receive the peeler
with bilateral overall sound of in
both directions and that
recipe book with delicious recipe ideas for
simply boil and in addition the
Keep fresh lid and keep fresh
store
he has
You also get the planing application for free
just put it on the device
you can make fruits and vegetables ultra-fast
cutting the cutlery holder makes
that cut safely and protects her
finger and after cutting easy
Use the blade protection
You get free insert for this and that
is not all
they also receive the use of the body
just put it on the device and you
can cheese and much more clean in
rub the container
to get the practical
protective cover also get the series
you for free
they get all that snowing
top with cleaning button and
Tray the fair inserts the
Cutting stamp and the fair cover
the peeler the fresh hold lid
the recipe booklet uses the planing and
three use